The UI should have ten tabs
first tab is the factory overview and home screen. it can display metrics, but nothing specific to any one resource.
Second tab is the mining tab. Each raw resource has its own section ( iron, copper, stone, coal, wood, water, uranium). The first five materials are manually mined by tapping until the first coal powered miner is constructed on the material. water requires construction of pumps to be made available. Water is initially locked until the steam power technology is unlocked. uranium requires construction of sulfuric acid powered miners to be mined. It is initially locked until the nuclear power technology is unlocked. building multiple miners or pumps just increments the displayed number on each resource. We don't have additional sections added.
The third tab is the production tab. Each production component has its own section displaying the recipe and current production rate. Items can be manually produced by tapping, until an assembly machine is constructed on it, at which point it operates autonomously, consuming materials and producing components.
The fourth tab is the power tab. Here is displayed the total power production, and has a similar production tree for each power type. (For example, boiler consumes coal and water to produce steam, then steam is consumed by steam engines to produce power. Or for nuclear power, reactors consume nuclear fuel to produce heat, and then heat exchangers consume heat to produce power). solar power is also displayed here. each type of power is locked until the relevant technology is unlocked.
The fifth tab is the storage tab. Here, each item has a row of storage to store unused production components. Storage can be individually upgraded per item.
The sixth tab is the logistics tab. Here will have details of inserters, conveyor belts, power lines, transport robots, trains etc., but that is for a later stage of development.
The seventh tab is the upgrades tab. Similarly to research, upgrades must be paid for, but they have a gameplay modification rather than unlocking new components. Costing will be dynamic, depending on the size of specific parts of the factory.
The eighth tab is the science tab, where labs will be built that consume the various science packs. each science pack will have its own row, displaying the production capacity and current rate of consumption. All the science production bars will scale to the same number, such that it will be easy to see which has the lowest production and consumption. At the top will display "x SPM", where x is the current rate of science consumption.
The ninth tab is the research tab. each research will have its own title, image and cost. Costs will disay which science packs are needed, and how many of each are needed. Each research has a different cost, and may require different science packs, but each individual research requires the same number of each applicable science packs.
The final tenth tab can be used for settings and anything else.
